[Music]
Baltimore baingan bharta me Anthony's I
time take the kid a man shot want man
her life give it to you
shit i forfeit so much but i lost much
more they gave me the pizzazz and Big
Boss with porn ready for the war all
angels love it
drop one acquittal with nobody's
discovery mixtape of love it
the streets still loving you
blood-stained palms where the beach
still scrub it like old Mother Hubbard I
like wanna live in my shoe you know the
name use the Baltimore beggar the car
seat stuffer the way you're hanging a
holster don't miss buffer the man in
between sailing fiend the mantle lp640
larry the scene
swag 1920 singing c50 Bergdorf Goodman's
with Benny first to ever have my slacks
tailored Shrimpton it's the only got a
cat what I have a dance we pray like
damn I was a gym when I washed up with
10 so I'm adore cuz I started up in blue
Benny shootouts and buried all my kin
Flores one sniff turns to mouth
come to flow smelling like my wind bro
for hard and I'm back like my chin bro
boys I'm a cautious and slow so let me
have to keep saying that I'm grown now
smoke spray my moves with patrol any
home is golden my toothbrush oh adapt
the winning wrong it was wrong freezing
through your city I must carry crew
termini its wanna be some cheese nothing
where here's a forty this in case you
wanna please just in case you mother
it's gonna freeze up street sweeper you
and ham
hustle up straight from the room put it
in the streets unless you wouldn't do no
ego cake until it's you
everything you've seen in the zoo I
don't want it in a shoe back to life
this is Eastman hi
Judy life is like a movie set shelling
rotates and up to three no you're no you
dirty so it's a defeat
this is quality quality this is yours
allergy great job with a grand
technology and middle finger to the
lawgiver
doing everything I stomach everything I
fear what I never wanted group guys done
it was only concerned about the return I
got it you want it I'm a punny but let's
paint Haven hole mama slavery catching
mega strokes for the boy his behavior
I'm stacking paper I had no business
saving the rap West craving from puberty
to shaving follow all the codes anything
and all region is yours
tapirs Barrett on teach true feeling
life is so foolish that it takes man
blushes to get at the pleasure just to
push its and whips and on buses and not
about you make it all about us and shoot
through the best in a Porsche gt2 top
down
the roof is depressed
quality quality this is good
allottee great job with a grand
technology the middle finger to the log
a monoid this is quality quality this is
your ecology great job with technology
[Music]
I'm still hustling trying to get a meet
you at a tree ever since I was riding
with a pistol in my bamboo selling fish
like chicken I see you I said I'm still
rustling trying to get a card I could
swing fucking buy a swing for my baby in
the ring for my lady and abortion by
piece I've been the boy on the mission
ducking out the docs and develop
intuition women take it off the black
dick is no set ahead eat I was all about
nutrition first time ever soda grandma
for sudden I hit a man in hand and
forgot to grab the money learn though
the hard way
school of hard holding turns over no he
got it papi I think the red dropping
some outerwear shops no we had a run
like a fresh pair sake bear what you put
up retainer on the cocktail running face
ever since smokey was Lapham never never
scoffing hit rolls off them your boy
Eddie stomach free shit closed coffin
black diamond ruff drugs and extortion
the thing I was over
listen I'm still rustling trying to get
a mansion with a tree ever since I was
riding with a pistol in my bamboo
selling fish like chicken of the sea
we still listen I'm still hustling
trying to get a card I could sway
sucking by your swing baby in the ring
for my
[Music]